0.

1). Will this play locally stored music on my drive?

    no this is only scoped to play internet radio stations using mpd 
2). Who is your intended Audience?
    this is intended to be an educational starting block, but can be easilly configured for those that are visually impaired or have difficulty using complex and/or confusing audio applications. 
    
3). How can I customize?
    to alter the list of radio stations, you will need the station url, a name for the station, and a brief description of the station. In the python program, you can see the listing of where these will go, numbered 1 -10.
    
4). Do I need 10 stations?
    no, but I figured after 10 you should see a pattern. Many users will only want a few, and that is fine, and will keep the scrolling to a minimum which is nice. 
    
5). But I want more, can I have more stations?
    sure, go have at it. I don't think there is a limit. 
    
6). Is there a search feature?
    its called google. 
    
7). And what about the name? - is that a knock on me or the developers/educators or users?
    not at all. I came up with the name after constructing an internet radio using only a pi, a Google AIY soundcard, and a cheap lcd screen. I thought configuring the lcd screen would be difficult. 10 minutes laer, I was looking for my next project which became building a housing unit out of scrap wood. If you saw it, you would think the name is quite fitting. 
    
8). Do I need progrmming skills to run this?
    not really, but if you have any python or web design skills, this should be a fun project to take on. 
    
9). How do i get this thing going? - I just want to listen to music.
    You will need a pi. Installed on the pi: MPD, MPC, Tornado, and Flask, and SQL lite. PIP and Python will help. Download the python program and the templates folder containing the html file. Simply run the python program from the command line, and open a web browser and point it to port 8080 at the pi's ip address. 
    
10). Where can I go to learn more about customizing the web page?
    I self trained mostly using W3 schools, they have an excellent tutorial on bootstrap to get you started. 
    
11). The design is kinda bland, where did you get your design skills, the DMV or IBM?
     The plain vanilla bootstrap file has been loaded, but the biggest feature of this is there are tons of design sites that can assist with some really cool design elements... and IBM. 
     
 12). Why only one page?
    My main goal was to keep this as simple as possible. The links on the nav bar don't really serve too much of a purpose, but are intended to show what can be done. 
    
 13). The "Now Playing" section on the Banner does not seem to work - is it broken?
    it's not broken at all, however it's challenged at this present time

